---
title: "20211202"
date: 2021-12-02T15:44:02+08:00
draft: true
---

## Scriping backends

* Mono(JIT) smaller, less compilation time
* IL2CPP(AOT) larger, less startup time

## 3rd libraries

* Compatibility: Third-party libraries might not be compatible with some Unity platforms and scripting backends.
* Performance: Third-party libraries might have vastly different performance characteristics in Unity compared to other .NET runtimes.
* AOT binary size: Third-party libraries might increase AOT binary size significantly because of the number of dependencies
 the library uses.

 ## Reflection overhead

* Mono or IL2CPP caches any reflection objects in internal, the garbage never to collect them.
* To minimize the garbage collector overhead, avoid methods such as Assembly.GetTypes and Type.GetMethods() in your application, which create a lot of C# reflection objects at runtime. 

## Unity object and c++ object

Because the ?? and ?. operators are not overloadable, they are not compatible with objects derived from UnityEngine.Object. The operators do not return the same results as the equality and inequality operators when you use them on a destroyed MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject while the managed object still exists.

## Avoid using async and await

### SynchronizationContext

* provides a way to queue a unit of work to a context.(not a specific thread)
* every thread has "current" context, but the context could be not unique
* keeps a count of outstanding asynchronous operations. 